  It was fall of 1998 when Randy happened upon the map. He was walking down the busy street back towards his apartment building
and decided to take a shortcut down a nearby alleyway to avoid the crowds. The alley was empty save for a few stray cats, but a piece of paper snagged on 
the trash can caught his eye. He walked over to it and detached it from where it was stuck . It was old, worn, and barely legible, but defintely a map. 
Normally, he would've left it at that and simply thrown in into the dumpster- he wasn't a curious type unless absolutely necessary- and this situation waranted no
necessitity. Or it didn't until three men dressed as if they were from 2 centuries prior rounded the corner, spotted him, and ran towards him with swords drawn.
  Randy clutched the map in his hand and ran. He took a couple turns down some side streets and lost them. He saw them stop at the intersection he just ran
through, look in all directions, and decide to run down a different street. He made it back to his apartment, locked the doors, checked his windows, and, finally
feeling safe, look at the map he had found. He was shocked when he looked down and saw the map led straight to his apartment. There was a big "X" on his building 
and his apartment nummber was circled in the top right corner. Feeling like someone was looking over his shoulder, he walked through his whole apartment again
and turned all the lights on, checking every closet and every room. Luckily it was a small apartment. He looked at the street through his window, but immediately
ducked out of sight. The guys with the swords were back. And they were looking right at him.
  Randy began to panic. Had they saw him? What was he thinking, of course they saw him. He ran to his bedroom and shut the door, even though he knew that the flimsy wood wouldn't
 do much to stop the three maniacs chasing him. He waited in silence for what seemed like an eternity before the pounding on the front door began. It didn't take long before
 Randy heard the door be kicked down, the men stomping in shortly after. He closed his eyes and prayed that they wouldn't enter his bedroom, but those dreams were dashed when the
 door burst open and the men stormed in. Randy shrank back when one of the men came towards him, but the man only reached forward and ripped the map out of his terrified, 
 white-knuckled grip. The man glared at him before looking down to study the map. He suddenly walked out of the bedroom and towards the living room, his companions following him.
 Randy cautiously walked towards the living room where the men were busy using their swords to pry one of the floorboards up, revealing a space that Randy had never even knew
 existed. The men cheered as they pulled a small chest out of the space, opening the lid to show shining gold and jewels. Laughing they began to sift through their hoard. when
 one of the men noticed Randy standing in the doorway. For a terrifying moment he just stared at Randy, before smiling and tossing him a decently sized jewel. He then closed the
 chest and they all nodded towards Randy before walking through where Randy's front door used to be, leaving him to wonder what the hell had just happened.
